Overhaul examples + quickstarts + datasets (#622)
deepinv/deepinv: docs/source/user_guide/physics/physics.rst

   * - :class:`deepinv.physics.SaltPepperNoise`
     - :math:`y = \begin{cases} 0 & \text{if } z < p\\ x & \text{if } z \in [p, 1-s]\\ 1 & \text{if } z > 1 - s\end{cases}` with :math:`z\sim\mathcal{U}(0,1)`

   * - :class:`deepinv.physics.ZeroNoise`
     - :math:`y = z`

.. _mixin:

Mixins
~~~~~~

> The physics module maximises code reuse via inheritance. 
> We provide mixin classes to provide specialised methods for certain physics, models, datasets and losses,
> such as temporal or MRI functionality.
> 
> .. list-table:: Mixins
>    :header-rows: 1
> 
>    * - **Mixin**
>      - **Description**
> 
>    * - :class:`deepinv.physics.MRIMixin`
>      - Utility methods for MRI physics.
> 
>    * - :class:`deepinv.physics.TimeMixin`
>      - Methods for expanding and flattening time dimension for dynamic/video data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The physics module maximizes code reuse via inheritance. 
We provide mixin classes to provide specialized methods for certain physics, models, datasets and losses,
such as temporal or MRI functionality.

.. list-table:: Mixins
   :header-rows: 1

   * - **Mixin**
     - **Description**

   * - :class:`deepinv.physics.MRIMixin`
     - Utility methods for MRI physics.

   * - :class:`deepinv.physics.TimeMixin`
     - Methods for expanding and flattening time dimension for dynamic/video data.
```
